feat(action): setup configuration for GitHub actions (#69)
googleapis/code-suggester: README.md

code-suggester pr -o foo -r bar -d 'description' -t 'title' -m 'message' --git-dir=.
```

## Action

### create a pull request

> Opens a GitHub Pull Request against the upstream primary branch with the provided git directory. By default the git directory is the same as the `$GITHUB_WORKSPACE` directory.

Reviewer: This is looking good to me. Did you set up a testing repo to play with the action.

I'm trying to picture what my workflow would look like as a contributor to a repository. Would I for the repository and it would already have this action within it, and then this action would make changes on behalf of another user.

I think seeing it in action would really help drill home the value to me.

Author: I have a repo setup at TomKristie/HelloWorld but it uses my access token. I'll set something up more official. I was also thinking about embedding a gif in the readme which I'll try to do before I leave.

#### `--description, -d`
*string* <br>
**Required.** The GitHub Pull Request description.

#### `--title, -t`
*string* <br>
**Required.** The GitHub Pull Request title.

#### `--branch, -b`
*string* <br>
The GitHub working branch name. Default value is: `'code-suggestions'`.

#### `--primary, -p`
*string* <br>
The primary upstream branch to open a PR against. Default value is: `'master'`.

#### `--message, -m`
*string* <br>
**Required.** The GitHub commit message.

#### `--force, -f`
*boolean* <br>
Whether or not to force push a reference with different commit history before the remote reference HEAD. Default value is: `false`.

#### `--maintainers-can-modify, --modify`
*boolean* <br>
Whether or not maintainers can modify the pull request. Default value is: `true`.

#### `--git-dir`
*string* <br>
**Required.** The path of a git directory. Relative to `$GITHUB_WORKSPACE`.

### Example
The following example is a `.github/workflows/main.yaml` file in repo `Octocat/HelloWorld`. This would add a LICENSE folder to the root `HelloWorld` repo on every pull request if it is not already there.
```yaml
on:
  push:
    branches:
      - master

>   pull_request:

Reviewer 2: I don't think we'd run this on `pull_request`

name: ci
jobs:
  add-license:
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    strategy:
      matrix:

>         node: [10, 12, 13]

Reviewer 2: Probably wouldn't run this on a matrix either.

    env:
      ACCESS_TOKEN: ${{ secrets.ACCESS_TOKEN }}
    steps:
      - uses: actions/checkout@v2
      - uses: googleapis/code-suggester@v1

>       - run: (curl http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.txt) > LICENSE

Reviewer 2: Add a comment above this explicitly calling out that this is where you would integrate any tool that makes changes

      - uses: googleapis/code-suggester@v1

>         with:
>           args: >-
>             pr
>             -o Octocat
>             -r HelloWorld
>             -d 'This pull request is adding a LICENSE file'
>             -t 'chore(license): add license file'
>             -m 'chore(license): add license file'
>             -b 'my-branch'
>             --git-dir='.'

Reviewer 2: I would prefer that we make these inputs:
```suggestion
        with:
          command: pr
          upstreamOwner: Octocat
          upstreamRepo: HelloWorld
          description: 'This pull request is adding a LICENSE file'
          title: 'chore(license): add license file'
          message: 'chore(license): add license file'
          branch: my-branch
          # maybe this defaults to '.'
          gitDir: '.'
```

Reviewer 2: This would insulate any CLI argument changes from the action configuration

Author: If I do that then I think I will need a conditional `ENTRYPOINT` or `CMD` into my dockerfile and we will likely also need a bash script. Is that behaviour okay?
